README.md, before:

<p align='center'>
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/hX0ZymL.png" width="80" height="80"/>
</p>
 <h2 align='center' border-bottom='none'>Two Plus https://two-plus.web.app <h4 align='center'>A platform where developers get social.<h4></h2>

## Motivation

We were inspired to make Two Plus 

## Build status
Build status of continus integration i.e. travis, appveyor etc. Ex. - 

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/akashnimare/foco.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/akashnimare/foco)
[![Windows Build Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/akashnimare/foco?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/akashnimare/foco/branch/master)

## Screenshots
![Welcome Screen](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/PeriodicUnsightlyCondor-size_restricted.gif
)

## Tech/framework used

<b>Built with</b>
- [Google's Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/)
- [React Ace](https://github.com/securingsincity/react-ace#readme)
- [React](https://reactjs.org/)

## Features
What makes your project stand out?

## Code Example
Show what the library does as concisely as possible, developers should be able to figure out **how** your project solves their problem by looking at the code example. Make sure the API you are showing off is obvious, and that your code is short and concise.

## Installation
Provide step by step series of examples and explanations about how to get a development env running.

## How to use?
If people like your project they’ll want to learn how they can use it. To do so include step by step guide to use your project.

## Credits
Give proper credits. This could be a link to any repo which inspired you to build this project, any blogposts or links to people who contrbuted in this project. 

#### Anything else that seems useful

## License
A short snippet describing the license (MIT, Apache etc)

MIT © [Two Plus]()

Commit message:

refactor: adds user gomepage image

README.md, after:

<p align='center'>
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/hX0ZymL.png" width="80" height="80"/>
</p>
 <h2 align='center' border-bottom='none'>Two Plus https://two-plus.web.app <h4 align='center'>A platform where developers get social.<h4></h2>

## Motivation

We were inspired to make Two Plus because we understood the frustrations experienced when asking for help and struggling to get a response. 

## Screenshots
![Welcome Screen](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/PeriodicUnsightlyCondor-size_restricted.gif
)
![User Homepage](/src/assets/user-homepage.png)

## Tech/framework used

<b>Built with</b>
- [Google's Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/)
- [React Ace](https://github.com/securingsincity/react-ace#readme)
- [React](https://reactjs.org/)

## Features
What makes your project stand out?

## Code Example
Show what the library does as concisely as possible, developers should be able to figure out **how** your project solves their problem by looking at the code example. Make sure the API you are showing off is obvious, and that your code is short and concise.

## Installation
Provide step by step series of examples and explanations about how to get a development env running.

## How to use?
If people like your project they’ll want to learn how they can use it. To do so include step by step guide to use your project.

## Credits
Give proper credits. This could be a link to any repo which inspired you to build this project, any blogposts or links to people who contrbuted in this project. 

#### Anything else that seems useful

## License
A short snippet describing the license (MIT, Apache etc)

MIT © [Two Plus]()
